00:07:32	Scott - CNCF GitOps Working Group:	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hxifmCdOV5_FbKloDJRWZQHq0ge-trXJKF-BgV4wHVk/edit#heading=h.zekmcm7llerh
00:08:04	Scott - CNCF GitOps Working Group:	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hxifmCdOV5_FbKloDJRWZQHq0ge-trXJKF-BgV4wHVk/edit#heading=h.zekmcm7llerh
00:10:30	Scott - CNCF GitOps Working Group:	https://github.com/gitops-working-group/gitops-working-group/discussions/123
00:12:10	Dan Garfield:	https://github.com/gitops-working-group/gitops-working-group/issues/113
00:13:14	Scott - CNCF GitOps Working Group:	üëè
00:14:53	Christian Hernandez:	üëè
00:15:02	Scott - CNCF GitOps Working Group:	That makes sense üôÇ
00:15:09	Tracy Miranda:	https://events.linuxfoundation.org/gitops-summit/
00:15:09	Ole Lensmar:	Hi all - sorry I joined late - had the wrong zoom‚Ä¶ I‚Äôm from the Ambassador Labs team‚Ä¶
00:15:26	Scott - CNCF GitOps Working Group:	Hi Ole üëã
00:15:33	Christian Hernandez:	Love the background Lloyd!
00:16:33	Lloyd Chang:	Thank you!
00:25:05	Scott - CNCF GitOps Working Group:	I agree it would be nicer than having these listed only in the google doc
00:27:59	Christian Hernandez:	The GOWG keybase chat is a lot of emojis...kind of funny that we have encrypted emojis :D
00:31:33	Scott - CNCF GitOps Working Group:	+1
00:34:21	Scott - CNCF GitOps Working Group:	https://github.com/gitops-working-group/gitops-working-group/discussions/129
00:36:10	Christian Hernandez:	I take GitOps con Scott
00:36:24	Scott - CNCF GitOps Working Group:	Christian üíØ
00:40:59	Scott - CNCF GitOps Working Group:	Alternative meeting proposal: have 2 principle draft meetings per week - one ‚Äúearly‚Äù (for EU) and one ‚Äúlate‚Äù (for US)
00:42:55	Brice Fernandes:	I would second this @Scott.
00:44:22	Tracy Miranda:	@Scott @Dan for cdCon BoF here's a form to submit preferences/abstract/moderators https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeWf6oM4plK6ow6MY3flObxeBplHnzNJ73ghPt-XNs3FyVhcQ/viewform
00:45:02	Dan Garfield:	Added that Miranda to the notes.
00:49:10	Scott - CNCF GitOps Working Group:	https://github.com/gitops-working-group/gitops-working-group/tree/main/assets/logos
00:50:42	Dan Garfield:	Yeah I need to get back to the issues
00:51:19	Brice Fernandes:	https://github.com/gitops-working-group/gitops-working-group/pull/125
00:58:10	Scott - CNCF GitOps Working Group:	üíØ
01:01:09	Jesse Butler:	Need to drop, thanks and nice to see yall!
01:01:10	Scott - CNCF GitOps Working Group:	Good idea
01:01:33	Dan Garfield:	Ill need to drop but I volunteered to moderate the next one, need to take some work off Scott
01:01:49	Tracy Miranda:	thanks for having me, nice to meet you all. Gotta drop!
