00:08:58	Schlomo Schapiro:	Do you have any idea about the expected time commitment? 1 day per week? Less? More?
00:09:31	Engin Diri:	why not
00:09:33	Omer Kahani:	yes
00:09:38	Christian Hernandez:	+1
00:09:54	Daniel Lizio-Katzen:	Meeting notes will be tracked here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hxifmCdOV5_FbKloDJRWZQHq0ge-trXJKF-BgV4wHVk/edit#heading=h.w91ueqcmi7nzPlease add yourself to the attendees list.
00:11:28	Engin Diri:	+1
00:11:32	Dax McDonald:	:+1:
00:11:39	Roberth Strand:	I agree as well
00:12:02	Schlomo Schapiro:	Probably other people will also need to check with their team/boss before saying anything about such a time comittment...
00:12:14	CNCF Flux:	Sorry for the delay folks
00:12:38	Daniel Lizio-Katzen:	For the new joiners: Meeting notes will be tracked here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hxifmCdOV5_FbKloDJRWZQHq0ge-trXJKF-BgV4wHVk/edit#heading=h.w91ueqcmi7nzPlease add yourself to the attendees list.
00:14:49	Christian Hernandez:	Good point Leonardo +1
00:15:02	Schlomo Schapiro:	Do we raise hands or just jump in?
00:15:17	Scott:	Let‚Äôs raise hands
00:18:14	Christian Hernandez:	I think that would happen no matter WHAT logo we choose
00:20:07	Daniel Lizio-Katzen:	Meeting notes will be tracked here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hxifmCdOV5_FbKloDJRWZQHq0ge-trXJKF-BgV4wHVk/edit#heading=h.w91ueqcmi7nzPlease add yourself to the attendees list.
00:20:46	Schlomo Schapiro:	Otherwise +1 for Leonardos point about the logo being fairly specific to what it should represent. We can alsways find a more generic logo later on
00:20:59	Scott:	https://github.com/gitops-working-group/gitops-working-group/discussions/64
00:24:35	Engin Diri:	The Logo topic is so not the first to solve :) People never asked me about a gitops logo :)
00:24:50	Engin Diri:	the know the ArgoCD or FluxCD logo more
00:24:57	Engin Diri:	they*
00:26:20	Schlomo Schapiro:	I actually meant that I'd like to agree upon "criteria for done" for the logo choosing process before starting it. Otherwise we'll have a never-ending discussion on the logo while this is a minor item in the big picture.
00:27:04	Scott:	Schlomo gotcha. Can you clarify this in the notes google doc?
00:27:23	Schlomo Schapiro:	About the logo and which text to put there: Why not have it all? We can have the same double-arrow image with different text pieces: One for the working group, one for the initiative, one for the project, one for the certification and so on.
00:27:29	Scott:	Absolutely Henrik, these are definitely separate
00:28:03	Christian Hernandez:	+1 Toni
00:28:26	Dax McDonald:	+1 Toni
00:28:29	Scott:	Toni no it has not been decided. It will be there, please participate  https://github.com/gitops-working-group/gitops-working-group/discussions/64
00:29:17	CNCF GitOps Working Group:	Henrik, is your hand up again?
00:29:32	CNCF GitOps Working Group:	So I know whether to come back to you.
00:29:37	Roberth Strand:	https://github.com/gitops-working-group/gitops-working-group/pull/48
00:30:07	Henrik Blixt:	No, it was up still :)
00:30:52	Leonardo Murillo:	self-resolving priorities, I want some of those :P
00:35:54	Scott:	Sounds fair. The goal of the co-working session is for 0.1.0
00:36:31	Roberth Strand:	Really hard for a newcomer like me to actually read it, and understand it fully.
00:38:41	CNCF GitOps Working Group:	+1 on working in non-main branch and the group can decide when they want to merge back into main.
00:39:23	CNCF GitOps Working Group:	That is a way to ‚Äúpublish only what we agree upon‚Äù
00:40:36	Schlomo Schapiro:	What could happen worst case? Somebody goes and sells a 0.1.0 version of our principles? Good luck to them
00:40:52	Scott:	Toni, good question. My personal criteria is that we should agree on the principles IN GENERAL
00:41:32	Scott:	We are currently using branching
00:41:45	Omer Kahani:	If it‚Äôs in the main branch it‚Äôs in production‚Ä¶ if it‚Äôs in main it‚Äôs agreed on
00:41:49	Scott:	Yes the branch is a pull
00:42:02	Scott:	Omer correct üëç
00:42:21	Dax McDonald:	+1 to a WIP version, ‚Äústaging‚Äù branch
00:43:20	Scott:	Currently the branch name is ‚Äúproposed-principles"
00:44:11	Scott:	https://github.com/gitops-working-group/gitops-working-group/pull/48#issuecomment-796176375
00:44:47	Schlomo Schapiro:	We should choose the date/time on Slack and invite people via the GitHub PR, too.
00:45:26	Scott:	Moshe I‚Äôm inclined to agree
00:45:31	Leonardo Murillo:	+1
00:45:32	Engin Diri:	+1
00:45:40	Toni Menzel:	+1
00:46:07	Roberth Strand:	Having a sync session would give people the chance to discuss things, so that one doesn't misunderstand things through threads.
00:49:37	Scott:	I made an ‚ÄúAction items‚Äù section of the meeting notes doc, and added this as well Cornelia
00:52:18	Jeff Krupinski:	+1 on the website
00:55:17	Toni Menzel:	Can't we create the channel for the website ourselves? I could do that now
00:56:00	Leonardo Murillo:	huh I never tried, I would have thought it would be tighter controlled
00:56:19	Scott:	We can not create CNCF channels ourselves
00:56:27	Engin Diri:	not this year :D
00:56:33	Toni Menzel:	It now exists
00:57:15	Leonardo Murillo:	thnx, joined
00:57:48	Dax McDonald:	I used the CNCF calendar
00:58:01	Jeff Krupinski:	+1 there too
00:58:19	Jeff Krupinski:	For calendar...
00:59:10	Omer Kahani:	thanks
00:59:14	Schlomo Schapiro:	Thanks a lot everybody and good seeing you all!
